Subtitles and Timing brought to you by the Oh My Baby Team @ viki
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only You... ♫
[Jambi Studio]
Jang Hari.
Let's...
♫  From far over there  ♫
get married.
get married... get married... get married...
Hari.
Hari, y-you don't have to... respond right away.
You should think about it sufficiently and—
No, no. It-It-It's because I'm so taken aback.
Ah, no, no, don't answer right now.
Uh, look, as we remember all about the good memories,
let's create a beautiful future. Okay?
I'm sorry.
Sorry?
In the end...
No, no. I'm sorry I'm hesitating.
I must have been anxious because I like you so much.
Although we could love intensely today, we could painfully separate tomorrow.
It's not because I can't trust you.
It's because I was thinking about the unhappiness that might come.
I'm like a fool, right?
I could lose all the happy moments by worrying.
I'd like to.
Let's get married.
♫ Don't say anything ♫
Give me your hand.
♫ You were by my side  ♫
♫ It's only you for me ♫
Hand.
♫ Like a dream that gets further away the more you approach, ♫
♫ the pain comes ♫
♫ What should I do? ♫
♫ Can you see my feelings for you? ♫
Let's...
live well.
Let's live well.
♫ I'm drawing in the sky  ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
♫ All the warm memories that I missed ♫
♫ are overflowing out of my heart ♫
Everyone, finish up all the articles you're working on. Let's go home early today.
Okay.
- Hyojoo.
- Yes?
You know this article about how to deal with fake crying.
Do all babies fake cry?
Huh?
It's how babies who can't speak express themselves.
Whenever they wish to gain something they want
or to grab their parents' attention... I wrote that they fake cry.
Yeah, but they cry for real sometimes.
Add in how to tell the difference.
Besides that, you wrote it well.
You scared me!
Chief Editor! Your ring!
You were proposed to?
Really? Let me see! What?!
This little pretty thing feels surprisingly heavy.
Are you going to be able to write any articles with that heavy thing on your finger?
Just please know that we gave Chief Han guidance.
The proposal could have been a dark chapter in Chief Han's life.
That's true. Thank you.
Let's hurry up and finish. Let's go home.
Congratulations, Senior.
We'll be practicing our congratulatory song.
I'll not take part in it. I can just give you a present, right?
How dare you think of not taking part?
So loud. Go to work!
Come on.
[My Mother Ms. Okran]
[Episode 14: Adults Don't Fake Cry]
Mom, I'll get a caregiver, so come home already.
Okay, don't worry about it.
Do you want to do that?
I hate that you're taking care of him.
Just blame and hate him, and never see him again.
I said I understand. Why do you keep doing this?
What if you get sick? Please stop it and come home!
Is your mother still looking after your father?
She doesn't listen to her daughter's words at all.
I have tons of manuscripts to work on, so I have to go up.
[Haewon Hospital]
You didn't eat dinner yet, right?
Why did you bring this?
I'll eat it well.
Please speak comfortably.
I place a lot of importance on formalities and manners,
so I can't speak comfortably to anyone that easily.
I'm not trying to keep a distance, so don't be disappointed.
Yes.
How's Hari doing?
She's worrying a lot about you.
She must be very angry.
She thinks I suffered a lot because of her father.
Since I came all the way here, should I say hello to her father?
Hari would freak out. She won't even see him, so would she want you to see him?
I understand.
Hari's father... left the house around the time she graduated from elementary school.
I didn't talk about her father just in case she would get hurt.
Is it good?
Yeah.
It's okay even without your father, right?
She thought I'd be upset, too, so she didn't bring up the topic of her father either.
As a young child, she must have missed him.
I'm sure she has a lot of pent-up feelings.
That's why her dream is to have an ordinary family and become a mom.
What kind of a kid dreams of a life like that?
I came to see Hari's mother.
You should go on up.
Excuse me.
I'm asking because I'm sincerely worried.
Listen to me without misunderstanding.
Do you even have the possibility of having a child?
People for whom babies are like miracles, they hang their hope in even 1%. It will be possible.
I sincerely hope it's not false hope.
Thank you.
Thank you, Okran.
It's not because I care for you.
Oh, Jaeyoung?
Aunt.
Are you doing well? I'm Jaeyoung. Do you remember me?
It's been a long time.
But you've become old, too.
Of course. I'll also be 40 soon.
Did the surgery go well?
- They said it did.
- That's a relief.
Aunt, I'll stay here today so you can go home.
Why would you? It's okay.
Go and sleep. I'll rest tomorrow.
Where are you staying right now?
I'm staying at the residence hotel.
Doha is also doing well, so don't worry.
And I have to come over soon to get my things.
What did you do with Doha?
Doha's mom is looking over her right now.
Auntie, watch your blood pressure. Go home quickly.
Here.
Okay. Thanks for your help.
Yes.
Thank you, Jaeyoung.
Goodnight.
Are you still close to Hari?
Of course.
After elementary school, you never saw Hari's face. Right?
Right.
At her elementary school's graduation, she waited for you for a very long time.
Thinking you were buying a flower bouquet.
Flower bouquet?
Did I not go to her graduation?
Hari was the volunteering president in middle school.
Even though she always complained that it was annoying, they let her be a class officer,
so she happily cleaned the school by herself.
When a friend named Kihoon broke his arm,
she even carried his bag every day, so she got a prize for good conduct.
She did?
Sir, Hari... grew up kindly and prettily.
What's the relation between you and Hari?
No relation.
Just... a sibling-like friendship.
Like a friend, like siblings...
While dating other people, watching each other being in love...
Where did you drink so much that you're sitting out on the street? It's cold.
Jaeyoung, I got stood up again.
You went to another blind date that quickly?
Why do I keep getting stood up?
I don't think there's a man in this world who likes me.
I like you.
Annoying. Is that supposed to comfort me?
Exactly why am I so-so?
You're not so-so... but you're not a man.
If you and I date and we separate, it's like losing a family member.
I don't want to lose another family member.
That's strange. There's no way you wouldn't have feelings when a man and a woman spend so much time together.
That can't happen.
If you confess and get rejected,
what man in the world would stay being friends with a woman he loved?
It's like someone else's house.
Shall I stay beside you until you sleep?
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not such a bad guy that would bother a girlfriend who's tired and down.
You can be a little bit bad.
Do you want to eat something?
Real... ly? Then... how bad?
You look exactly like your mom when she was younger.
Are you good at cooking?
I cook ramen well.
You only cook ramen well, I see.
Well, I'm good at cooking.
I can't clean either.
We can just buy a good cleaning machine.
Here! It looks good, right?
It looks good.
I'll give you some.
- Here.
- A little.
A little?
In the morning, I went and saw your mom.
You went to the hospital?
Yeah.
I didn't see your father.
Well... saying hello to your father would be a bit...
I'm not embarrassed about living without a father, but I don't want to show him to you.
I am also not embarrassed of my father,
but I didn't want to live like him.
He was a great head of the family who worked his entire life to take care of his family,
but he didn't have a life of his own.
After he passed away when I was throwing out his clothes and organizing his things,
I was left with two bundles of trash.
And... one box of what he left behind.
What remained of a 70-year-long life of a brusque man who only worked his entire life as the head of a family
were just two bags of trash and a box of belongings.
It must have been because of us, but why did he live like that?
He didn't have to do that. It must have been frustrating.
Mom didn't talk about my dad because she didn't want me to have negative thoughts about him.
But I heard her talking to my aunt.
About the day my mom went to find my father.
What are you doing here?
Give me money for living expenses.
What money do I have?
Are you going to starve our child? You need to at least give money for her school fees!
Okay.
Wait.
More than the day he left,
I remember the day Mom was filled with sadness.
My goodness.  It won't stick.
Huh?  Red Dan has stopped. (Game of "Go.")
Ah, why is the weather so hot?
Brother Haeseop's wife?
You should go inside and wait.
I'll make you some cold coffee.
Seriously?
Oh, the smoke! Stop smoking so much! We're going to choke.
Your wife is waiting outside. Stop and go outside.
Yeah. What are you doing? Dole it out!
You won again?
Here. I only have this.
Accept it. I really don't have more.
I said to give me school fees.
If I had more, I'd give it to you. I also feel like dying!
Whenever you see me, it's all just about money.
I felt suffocated, so I left the house but you even follow me here!
Here. Grab this and go.
She waited all day and received 78,000 won.
She said she felt so pitiful.
She wanted to throw the money in his face saying she didn't come to beg,
but with that money,
she wouldn't have to worry about rice for three months,
so she kept it.
Whenever she thought about that day, it made her shudder,
so with that thought in mind, she decided to clench her teeth and work hard to live.
That's why I can't forgive my father.
I really didn't want to talk about this.
The ramen noodles will get bloated.
Your mother worries about you a lot.
That you got hurt because of your dad.
From now on, because of your father,
don't dream of an ordinary life.
But while thinking about me, think of being happy together.
If you can't forgive your father,
you don't have to.
But... meet him once.
If you meet him, your resentful feelings
might be nothing at all.
Can we talk about something else?
Something that lifts my mood up.
Shall we?
Come here.
Because you're so pretty right now,
I think I should do something wicked.
Oh, so hot, so hot!
Here, here.
Go into the bathroom and wash. I'll go see if there's anything you can wear instead.
- Ouch!
- Oh no!
You don't need to change your underwear, do you?
Mom, we just ate ramen.
(T/N: slang for sex)
I know it too! "Want to eat ramen?"
Mom, it's not that meaning!
You were standing there like that?
Yisang left.
Okay.
We didn't do anything.
If you weren't going to do anything, why bring him home?
Well, if you say it like that, I won't be able to bring him home anymore.
Yisang asked me to marry him.
That's good.
Is that it?
Mom, I'm marrying.
You talked about marriage multiple times back then. It felt like you were married even if you weren't.
Shall I dance?
What is this?
You're not able to properly be happy during times when you should because you're taking care of dad.
It's because of this that I don't want you to meet him.
See! He appeared and is only making you suffer again.
Why are you making me pitiful?
Daughters probably all think their moms are pitiful,
but I don't want my daughter to see me as a woman who was abandoned by her husband and lived pitifully.
If you live your life while holding onto my pain, how can I live while burdening you?
The past is nothing to me now, so why are you using it to resent your father and have a hard time?
Are you really seeing dad because you're indifferent?
After living with so much sadness?
Is it really because you're okay?
I'm doing this because I don't want to see him again.
Your father is being discharged tomorrow.
You and I won't ever have to see him again.
Don't get upset for no reason.
You should let it go already.
Eutteum, did you hurt your hand?
I'm okay.
Hold on, wait.
Did you teleport?
Quickly, give me your hand.
So it's like this.
Mistaking kindness...
I guess if someone is nice to you, you could misunderstand.
I will have to be careful.
R-Right. There are people who misunderstand kindness.
I also...
Anyway, just be kind to me who knows you well. Okay?
Since you know I don't like you that way,
you must not misunderstand then.
I know. I won't misunderstand again,
so only be nice to me.
Okay.
Word hard!
Chief Editor, I met my deadline. Can I go home?
Yeah, go ahead.
Manager Kim wants someone to go to the new baby store that's opening this weekend.
To help get an advertisement contract.
Eutteum is going. Who wants to go?
I'll go.
You will? That's a first.
I'm the only one who can go.
Good job, everyone!
Goodbye.
Bye.
That-That transparent girl.
Aren't you going home?
Leave first.
Then I'll be going.
Oh...
It's bone broth. Make sure to eat it well.
Why did you do this?
Don't be sick until you die.
Don't waste your money and start saving so you can go to a care home.
Don't ask for help from Hari.
Don't burden her,
so be healthy and live well
and die quietly.
That's why I took care of you.
How can you talk that way?
Because I didn't want my child to worry,
that it might interfere with her work.
If the surgery didn't go well, I could die without seeing her face,
and I was shaking with fear but I didn't contact her.
Don't be a burden to your child and die alone.
To your child who you've never done anything for,
do that at least.
You don't even know why you live so pitifully.
Why do you live like that?
Jang Taeseop, let's never see each other again.
Thank you for coming to see me.
Don't come ever again.
Don't bother Mom. I came to tell you that.
I might die during surgery, so I came to see you for the last time.
I only borrowed the money for a little while because I didn't have enough for surgery.
I was going to pay it back when I got insurance money.
I won't bother you, so don't worry.
Were you... okay with not having us around?
I was lonely.
Goodbye.
Okay. Bye.
Hari,
I heard you were upset because of this.
Why? You don't like it?
I'm going now.
[Messages]
We don't have a lot of time so let's hurry.
Hello.
Yes.
You must be the owner!
Hello, I'm Reporter Choi Yoojoo from "the baby." Hello.
Yes.
Thanks for the proposal.
But I don't understand how you would use our product to make a song and dance with.
The main item,
in order to make these organic stretchy pants a trend,
we will make a popular video clip.
Look. ♪ Tug, tug, pull, pull, it stretches so well! ♪
Reporter, a magazine ad is possible, too. Right?
Rated as the national stretchy pants! Pants that moms and babies alike love!
We will stimulate moms' desire to buy with a professional ad!
My favorite!
I understand.
Because of you, they signed the advertisement contract. Thank you.
You're thankful, right?
If you're thankful, let's go to the beach.
The beach?
If you're thankful, you go to the beach. Don't you know that?
Let's go.
If I'm thankful...
It's nice that we came, right?
You're right. I can see why it's the beach when you're thankful.
But are you going to keep working at the company?
Shall I say... vision?
Don't you have any grand ambitions or aspirations?
My dream was to become a saxophonist,
but that's for the 1% that have the talent and passion.
And an average person like me has to do it as a hobby because I like it.
It was hard for me to get hired, so my dream was to become a company employee,
and I found out what the advertisement business is all about once I got in.
But it ended up suiting my personality.
I'm sure you'll be good.
You're untainted and yet smart.
I am? I've never heard anyone say that about me.
No, you're very sparkly.
Thank you.
Then... what do you think about me?
About you?
You have a bouncy charm.
(T/N: Bouncy as in bubbly.)
Am I a trampoline or what? Bouncy...
Then... shall we bounce on the beach?
Where are you going?
Be careful. You'll get wet.
It's okay.
- Watch out!
- Oh, these are new Balenciagas!
I'll buy you some the next time.
Liar.
Careful!
What do we do with these? There's tons of sand inside.
I'll buy you some nicer ones later.
Reporter Choi,
do you perhaps like me?
From now on... instead of a person liking me,
I want to date someone I like and experience real love.
It'll be better not to apologize, right?
Yes. Don't do it.
The lump has become a tiny bit bigger.
We have a few months until the follow-up exam, but are you going to push back the surgery?
The progress isn't good.
It's not like there's no sperm, so it's not impossible for pregnancy.
But since the person you're marrying is also infertile,
we need at least the minimum figure for in vitro.
The treatment this time wasn't effective.
Why don't we try another treatment next time?
[the baby]
What now? Are you trying to get the cover? Seriously?
I'm not sure.
What to do?
What about?
What it's like to become a father,
It was vague to me...
But while dreaming about it with Hari, I guess I had an expectation without realizing it.
I... may not become a father.
What does that mean?
It's hard? You can't?
This must be how Hari felt.
Auntie.
I was going to take Doha's things and leave quietly. Go back to sleep.
What's the matter with you? Making it like it's someone else's house. Sleep over.
What do you mean sleep?
Anyway, I'll say goodbye when I leave, so go get rest.
Stay in your room.
[Hari]
Hello?
[Yisang]
Hari, are you inside?
Hari?
Hello? Hello?
Hari!
Hello?
Hey, Jang Hari. Are you okay?
Open the door.
Open it.
Jang Hari!
What's the matter?
What's wrong? What's going on?
Aunt, something must have happened to Hari.
Jang Hari! Hey!
Open up!
Hari. Hey, Jang Hari.
What's wrong?
What's wrong? Hari! Oh my. What's wrong?
What's going on?
Auntie, we need to get her to the emergency room.
Okay, let's hurry.
- Stand up.
- Can you stand up?
Let's get to the hospital! What do we do?!
What do we do?
[Yisang]
Hari's okay, right?
She's sleeping after an exam and pain reliever.
I think it's endometriosis. You can go and see her.
I'll be going, Aunt.
Okay. Thank you, Jaeyoung.
- Sure, go inside.
- Okay.
Han Yisang.
If it was me, Hari wouldn't be having such a hard time.
Please don't make me keep having thoughts like that.
Please.
Sleep more. You need to finish the IV before you can leave.
Stay lying down.
You came?
My back hurts now. It's not like I have a terminal disease.
It embarrasses me if you keep worrying like this. It's not a big illness.
Jang Hari.
You're not hurting right now, right?
No.
The lump from the endometriosis got a little bigger than the last time.
I don't think it's good to leave you as is. What about going through the surgery?
If I do the surgery, it becomes harder to have a baby. Right?
We'll have to see how it progresses, but there's a good chance it'll reduce ovarian function.
As I told you last time,
even without endometriosis, your fertility level is already low.
So after a treatment of about a year after surgery, it could become harder than it is now.
It's not like she won't be able to have a baby, right?
It would be good to get an infertility procedure done, but it's not impossible.
I... made you have expectations.
If you're pushing back the surgery because of me, don't do that.
You remember what I said, right?
If my results aren't good, to only think of yourself?
What's wrong?
My results aren't good.
Three months... even if I get treated for another three months,
I can't be certain of the results.
If you're holding the pain in,
waiting for me, don't do that.
I only did it because it'll become harder for me.
It's not because of you.
She said it's still possible even after the surgery.
Even if we have to find the solution again later,
receive the surgery for now.
Are you okay?
You're also having a hard time.
I'm okay.
What is it?
Because of Hari not feeling well?
You want to delay the wedding?
No. I'm not thinking that.
Because of me, Hari will try and push back the surgery even if she's hurting.
So... if you could please convince her.
It's because of you?
Yes.
I...
It's hard for me to have a baby right now.
I am also... infertile.
The doctor said that I could get better by receiving treatment,
but recently, the exam results weren't good.
Here. Eat even if you don't have an appetite.
Eat it and gain energy.
Get the surgery.
I felt bad for you who grew up without a father.
But when you started speaking nonsense about having a baby alone,
I wondered how you were going to be able to bear looking at your poor child later on.
I couldn't even stop you.
Since you found a nice person, I don't worry about that now.
But you have to give up what you can't do and live your life doing what you can.
Mom... telling me to get surgery sounds like I'm being told to give up having a baby.
I have thought about the fact that I could live without a baby,
but how can I give up so quickly because it can't happen?
If I can't... I can never live as a mom.
I was... so busy trying to just survive,
I didn't even know when I was tired.
Back then, I resented having a life where nothing went right.
But when I looked back, I wasn't unfortunate.
I had just lived diligently day by day.
Things may seem so dire right now, but you won't become unfortunate because of this.
I believe that you won't live that way.
Let's eat.
Go ahead.
[You're right.]
Are you okay?
Way better than I thought.
In front of me—
Let's go. I'll be late.
Let's go eat something delicious for dinner. We haven't gone to a lot of places.
Senior, you came?
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
You should rest up more.
I came out because I'm fine.
There's a lot to do, right? What do I need to do first?
Don't concentrate on work just because you feel uneasy.
It's not like you can focus on work.
How about sorting out the recommended reading list then?
Way better than I thought.
I selected the shots. I'll leave them downstairs, so pick them up later.
I took the shots, so, of course, they came out well!
Bro, I'll take it over.
Oh, it's not urgent!
[My Mom]
[Mom.]
[Mom. Mom. Mom...]
♫ At the end of a long day ♫
♫ You like always are standing there ♫
[Mom.]
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful ♫
♫ and very lonely ♫
♫ days. Goodbye now ♫
[Mom.]
♫ In that desolate time  ♫
♫ At the end of a long day ♫
♫ You like always are standing there ♫
♫ Like a dream, I call your name ♫
♫ that's in my heart once more ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to be by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye to the painful ♫
♫ and very lonely ♫
♫ days. Goodbye now ♫
♫ Like a dream that gets further away the more I approach, ♫
♫ Don't disappear from my side ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same time frame ♫
♫ I'm still with you ♫
[Oh My Baby]
Hari said to do that?
No.
She knows that even if her own heart is in pain, her loved one
is her priority. Don't make her wait.
Hari should meet a man who can give her everything
and be happy.
Subtitles and Timing brought to you by the Oh My Baby Team @ viki